+++
date = "2012-04-23T08:58:18+02:00"
title = "Ludum Dara #21: Rat Conquest"

menu = "main"
Tags = ["Development", "golang"]
Categories = ["Development", "GoLang"]
Gamelink = "http://ludumdare.com/compo/ludum-dare-23/?action=preview&uid=9578"
Downloadlink = "http://ld23.waschnick.de/rat-conquest-ld23.jar"
Description = "My first game and my first Ludum Dare entry. Create without any libraries in pure Java. You play as a rat and need to eat and grow. If the bar is full you grow and get faster and stronger. The game is a little hard and slow."
+++

Java-Applet 

My first game and my first Ludum Dare ;) Thanks for playing! 

Tools used: 
- Paint.Net + Animation-Plugin 
- Bfxr / Aviary Music Creator (http://advanced.aviary.com/) 
- Eclipse / Java 1.6 

The game: 
- Arrow-Keys to move 
- You can grow, if you eat, but you can only eat enemies of your size

# First results after some hours of work…
Saturday, April 21st, 2012 6:09 am
So, after quite some hours here are my first screenshots:



Since this is my very first game, I aimed low and hope to just create a really simple game. Theme: You are a giant rat from space, stranded on some tiny planet. Since you’r a giant rat, you need something to eat. So eat everything you find. As you eat, you will increase in size and you can only eat foes of you size. There will be kittens, soldiers and tanks. Does this sound stupid?



Sound: 5% (only placeholders)
Graphics: 40% (no animations, but most tiles)
Game: 30% (collision detection is working, planet rendering is finished)

# I’m in for the 1st time.
Wednesday, April 18th, 2012 3:20 am
Hello!

I’ve never done any game before, but I’m a huge fan of the LD since when I first saw Appy 1000mg by deepnight (hope he will be participating). I also watched the livestreams from notch (and the mojam) and really liked the way he was creating his games. So I decided to do my best and give it a try. I will be doing it the notch-style:

Language: Java (with Eclipse)
Library: none (don’t go the easy way, more coding = more fun!)
Graphics: Paint.Net
Sound: dunno, maybe some library and generated music

I’m aiming for only one goal: Just finish anything.

Good luck and lots of fun to everyone