+++
date = "2012-04-23T08:58:18+02:00"
title = "Ludum Dara #24: Kitten Mate"

menu = "main"
Tags = ["Development", "golang"]
Categories = ["Development", "GoLang"]
Gamelink = "http://ludumdare.com/compo/ludum-dare-24/?action=preview&uid=9578"
Description = "desc"
+++
Java-Applet 

Design / Graphics: Unihumi 
Coding / Polish / Music: Canard Sauvage 

My second game for the Ludum Dare :) In theory it is about the evolution of kittens, but it's not really finished. Currently it is more about fighting. But: There are 7200000000000 possible different kittens in the game! ;) Thanks for playing! 


Tools used: 
- GraphicsGale + Paint.Net 
- Aviary Music Creator (http://advanced.aviary.com/) for the music 
- Meow-Sounds from http://www.freesound.org/ 
- Eclipse / Java 1.6 
- JLayer for MP3 

The game: 
- Click with your mouse 
- Buy a kitten 
- Fight! 
- Level up. 
- Get another kitten, buy some food and let them mate. 
- Get 5000$ to win. (Sorry, there is no real goal...) 

I will upload the source asap.

# You, sir, are a wicked soul! (We’re in for the jam)
Posted by Canard Sauvage
Wednesday, August 22nd, 2012 1:58 pm
After my first game and first LD, I’m in for the second time. This time it will be the jam, as one of my friends is joining me. He will be doing the graphics and sounds, so I can focus on coding 😉 Nevertheless, this will be his first game, so we will mostly try to stay on the Ballmer Peak for 3 days 😉 Personally, I’m aiming to create a more polished game, as I was not satisfied with my first game.

Coding: Java with Eclipse (notch-style with no librarys)
Graphics: Paint.Net / GraphicsGale / Tiled
Sound: MilkyTracker or Steinberg Sequel

Good luck and have fun