Panzers, a game about, well, tanks. The game has 4 levels. For the first 3 levels you just need to reach the upper right corner. The 4th level is a boss fight :) And: Potatoes! 

For the theme: We tried a minimal tank-game with a minimum of colors (8 colors and the levels contain only 5) and no UI. I'm not sure if we really hit the theme, but the music is real 8-bit ;) 

- Java, LibGDX (currently not working under Mac OS X with newest Java, it will most likely only work with Java 1.6 under Mac) 
- The small version has some text-bugs, the scaling is not working correct. 
- HTML5 may come tomorrow, I have some issues with the GWT project setup 

Controls: WASD (and SPACE in Level 2,3 and 4) 

Update: Added a native mac-port in the lower resolution with scrolling text. 
- Win/Linux (Java-Jar-File, untouched) in 1536x768 
- Low Resolution (1024x512) 
- Mac-App (1024x512) 

Update2: Added the HTML5-Port, had to change the way the text ist rendered. 
- HTML5 (1536x768) 
- HTML5_low (1024x512)



# The end of the first day

The first day is over for us, we got 4 levels, the concept and some art. The game will be a simple tank-action-game, WASD+Space for the movement. The color-palette will change in the future, the screenshot is with grid and collision-zones for debugging.



# We’re in for the jam!
Posted by Canard Sauvage
Thursday, April 25th, 2013 11:51 pm
This will be my third Ludum Dare and the second time being in the jam. My buddy unihumi will join me just like he did for LD24.

 

I will be doing the coding and he will be in for the graphical stuff as well as sound and music.

 

Coding: Java with LibGDX

Graphics: Paint.Net / Tiled

Sound: SunVox


We’re looking forward to a great weekend!